---
title: "2-10-2023"
date: 10th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got called in to work again, ended up working 8-11. Didn't even have time to go on my run before I got called in.

## Classes:
- EECS 348 Lab:
	- Kind of annoying, he assigned us two problems that would've been relatively challenging but not too difficult in Python, but we have to write them in C so I had to relearn how to do all this stuff, and my intuitions on how to do things were way different from how I had to implement solutions.
	- He also made it due on Sunday for everyone regardless of when you have your lab, which was so incredibly stupid.
	- I finished the first problem of two and had to go to the next class.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Started the hands on project for this week, planning a scale model for the solar system that would fit on the KU campus.
	- Got most of the way through, gotta find time to finish it before next friday.

## Workout:
- Didn't end up having time to do a workout today even though I wanted to do either a fartlek or some intervals.

## Evening:
- Went back to the engineering building after ASTR lecture to keep working on the 348 lab. Ended up getting most of the way through the second problem with Aiden's help, but couldn't figure out one last part. Decided to head home around 5ish.
- Jewlia came over around 7 so I got some homework done and some random chores before she got here.
- Spent the evening cuddling on the couch, eating the rest of the chicken noodle soup, and watching some Bridgerton.

# Wins:
- Survived another tough day of extra unplanned work and did a lot of tough coding.

# Losses:
- Had to rely a lot on Aiden to get some of the coding done because my brain was absolutely cooked by the end of the day.

# Plans:
- Gonna long run on sunday after Jewlia leaves. Just hope that I have time to finish the lab and do laundry too.

# Ideas:
- Maybe I'll try looking for a team to run with every once in a while. I miss running with other people, especially in workouts.

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Got through three episodes, ended up getting to episode 4 I think? It's very exciting and pretty funny, although I don't think some of the stuff is meant to be funny. It's just funny watching British "people" flounder around through life in general.