---
title: "2-11-2023"
date: 11th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got up and went to work after kissing Jewlia goodmorning.

## Work:
- Worked 7-3, and it felt pretty easy and went by quickly because I knew I was going to hang out with Jewlia more after work.
- Nothing too out of the ordinary work wise.
- Cristian really wasn't feeling well and hasn't been eating hardly anything. He thinks he needs to take a higher dosage of his anxiety meds, so he's scheduling an appointment with his doctor as soon as he can get in.

## Workout:
- No workout today, spent time with Jewlia instead.

## Evening:
- Caught up with Jewlia after her big hangout with Vilma. They went to outback steakhouse and ulta and had a great time. I'm really happy she's made such a good friend, for both of them.
- Cooked some new chicken noodle soup, tried marinating and pan frying the chicken a bit first to get some more flavor into it before we added it to the pot. It turned out pretty good, but we definitely shouldn't have added the spaghetti noodles.
- Watched a bunch more Bridgerton before bed and cuddled a whole lot too.
- Cristian and Vilma asked if we could help them move some stuff into their apartment and they'd pay us in pizza, but ended up cancelling because they were too tired to do it that night.

# Wins:
- Made it through work really easily.

# Losses:
- Wish I had more time to spend with Jewlia, but next weekend we both took off so we'll have plenty of time!

# Plans:
- Gonna long run tomorrow after work, 14 miles babyyyyy.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Now on episode 6. Ooooh shit Simon just can't do anything right can he. All he's good for is that smolder and "reaching his pinnacle" early.