---
title: "2-12-2023"
date: 12th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Really didn't wanna get out of bed today, but I had to get to work. Kissed Jewlia good morning and headed out. Been wearing the previous day's mask while I ride to work because it keeps my face warm and it works really well, even if my face is a little wet by the time I get there.

## Work:
- Pretty normal day, flipped chips and served at the tortilla station. Clay seemed impressed that I could do three boxes of chips in a little over 2 hours.
- Lupita dipped after an hour or two so the only managers were the two white boys Clay and Franky, which was a fun different vibe.
- Jewlia came to visit and sat in the parking lot taking pictures of me on my break, then came in and got a quesadilla before heading to work. She had on her new pallet of eyeshadow that she got at Ulta yesterday with Vilma.

## Workout:
- 14.1 miles babyyyyyy. Managed to hold a 7:22/mi average pace and 155 average bpm, which I'm very happy with. Set a new half marathon PR too at 1:36:19 which I'm very pumped about, because it means that I could easily go sub 1:30:00 in a race.

## Evening:
- Made a protein shake with milk and chocolate syrup, and ate an apple and some orange juice and a few bites of Jewlia's leftover burger too. Stretched and rolled out a bunch while watching Bridgerton and waiting on laundry.
- Showered while the laundry was in the dryer and ate some more soup and the rest of the burger once my stomach settled.
- Oh yeah and the Cheese won the super bowl too, so that's neat.
- Calling to say goodnight to Jewlia was exciting because half way through she got a notification that an airtag was following her since she left Alex's superbowl party, so she was freaking out thinking that she was going to get human trafficked. Turns out it was on her brother's truck because one of his mistresses found out he was cheating and was trying to figure out where he was going.

# Wins:
- Ran a new half marathon PR at a really easy pace and effort, even after working 8 hours and biking back up that damn hill.

# Losses:
- Probably should've called Jewlia earlier than I did because we didn't end up hanging up until around 10:30.

# Plans:
- Gonna take it easy tomorrow because my body will be pretty wiped after the run. But I also gotta catch up on a bunch of homework too, so you know, not really taking it easy.

# Ideas:
- I think I should probably be aiming for sub 1:20:00 or even faster for the half marathon time, unsure right now.

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Now on episode 8(?). Simon and Miss Collarbones finally got hitched, but oooh trouble in paradise! Collin tried to pull a damn Lydia Bennet and go to Gretna Green with Penny's cousin smh my head bro. But unfortunately for the cousin, Lady Whistledown found out about her pregnancy and told the whole ton, so the Featheringtons aren't out of the financial woods yet. Fuckin gambling crying bitch Mr. Featherington is.