---
title: "2-13-2023"
date: 13th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up not too sore but a little fatigued from not enough sleep and went to work.

## Work:
- Worked 7-12 today. Met the general manager Eddy who finally came back from vacation, he's pretty cool, really nice. He seemed impressed with how I was doing after only a few weeks.
- Talked a bit with Sophie but she didn't seem to want to talk, said she was really tired from a hard week.

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Pretty normal, excepting the fact that I hadn't taken the notes before class this time since I worked this morning.
	- For some reason he stopped with like 3 slides left even though there was still almost 15 minutes left in class, but I guess he just likes letting class out early. Maybe he has stuff to do between classes?
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Didn't go, worked with Andrew on homework at the library instead.
- EECS 388 Lab:
	- Relatively easy, just worked with some concepts we had already used in previous labs except this time with a lidar sensor.
	- We couldn't figure out why Andrew's wasn't working for the longest time even though his code was exactly the same as mine, but we tried different hardware and it worked first time so that was a bit annoying.
- Library:
	- Went to Andrew's house instead and finished up the Linear Algebra homework as well as got a better idea of the solution to the 348 lab's second problem from Aiden. Listened to some minecraft parodies and awful YouTube covers while we worked too. 10/10 experience, best way to slog through Linear homework.

## Workout:
- Got back from Andrew's after 6, didn't get out to run until 6:47, but I still got in a solid recovery run. 5 miles at 9:03/mi average pace, with 6 20 second strides with 30 second recovery between in the last mile or so.

## Evening:
- Ate some dinner after I got back, some soup and rice and two fried eggs since I gotta eat them before they go bad.
- Showered and rolled out, then did the reading quiz for today. Forgot they're due at 2:00 pm instead of 11:59 pm, so this one was late but I still got 50% and my grade is at 96% overall so I'm not sweating it. Gotta get back ahead though, it was so nice not having to stress about those extra little busy work assignments.

# Wins:
- Talked to Sophie at work today but didn't push when it seemed like she didn't want to make idle conversation.
- Made a good impression with Eddy. Maybe too good though, might get dragged in to work a lot more in the future...
- Finished a bunch of homework.
- Still got out for a run even with all the stuff I did today.

# Losses:
- Forgot reading quizzes are due at 2:00 pm instead of 11:59 pm.

# Plans:
- Get ahead in the astronomy reading quizzes again.

# Ideas:
- I should try to find a better time to write these, it's been about 5 days since I last wrote one. Or maybe I just let it go when I forget one day and have holes in my journal. I don't want this to become a chore, but instead be an outlet and a record of this time in my life. And it's good writing practice for a semester where I don't have a creative writing class.

# Media:
- 