---
title: "2-14-2023"
date: 14th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Almost got out the door for a ladder workout before Lupita called me in. Feels bad man, but at least I'm making bank this week.

## Work:
- Worked 8-12 today. Learned how to stock vinaigrette, that was kinda neat. And I only had to fry up two boxes of chips because somebody else already did one.
- Eddy roped me in to working the rest of this week 7-12 except Friday, then next week Mon-Thurs 7-12 and Sunday 7-3.  I think it'll work out fine as long as I stay on top of my homework in the evenings after class, but I'm worried I won't have much time for running. I'll probably just push my dinner back like I did yesterday, but it's not ideal. At least I'll have more time on the weekends to spend with Jewlia so that's nice.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Before lecture met up with Landon and figured out most of the 388 homework, jumped up from a 66% to a 91% so that's pog.
	- Lecture ended up being pretty boring again, although the professor was a little savage today. He asked if anyone knew the answer to one of the in class quiz questions (one of two possible answers) and some kid answered wrong and he just said "uhh any other guesses?".
- EECS 348 Lecture:
	- Pretty boring, just finished up the intro to C++ slides. He *barely* acknowledged that we have a damn midterm on thursday, just saying that there might be some multiple choice, true/false, matching, and code parsing/writing.
	- Hirun went fuckin wild this class though, made us go around the table and guess each others' ethnicities and sexual identities as a joke.

## Workout:
- Squeezed in a really quick half ladder workout before dinner. Went down to the track, 2.5 mile warmup at around 8:00/mi pace. It was hailing in my face for the first mile which was pretty miserable, and my hat flew off my head in the wind so I had to just carry it the rest of the workout. Reminded me why I never run with a baseball cap on.
- Training program wanted me to do a mile time trial, so I finished that activity at 5:40 and then did an 800, 400, 200, and 100. Ended up going 2:48, 1:14, 0:33, and 0:14, and felt pretty good doing it. My lower back still gets a little sore when running on a track, but I think I just need to work on my form and run on a track more often to get used to it (although I don't know how necessary that is since I probably won't be racing on a track anytime soon).
- Did a 2 mile cool down making for a total of 7.5 miles today, pretty good for a workout day. And I saw a beautiful full rainbow at the end of the workout, talk about good for morale.

## Evening:
- Made it back home 5 minutes to 6:00, when Jesse was supposed to get to the apartment for pizza, so I jumped in the shower real quick, stretched and rolled, and ended up only being about 15 minutes late.
- We went to Papa Keno's and I spent entirely too much money on a 14" tuskano pizza, but it was delicious and I made sure to get my money's worth of soda and water. Also split a cannoli with Finn, but was too full to eat any of it so it went in the fridge. Only ate half the pizza too, so the rest is in the fridge as well. Quite excited to eat both of those this week.
- Afterwards we went to Wonder Fair and met Dave the cat. I bought a $5 cartridge fountain pen, a white roller ball gel pen, and an eraser ratchet pencil. Very excited to use all of them. Almost got a tiny little notebook, but it was more of a tiny pad of paint paper so I held off, especially since I haven't filled up my current notebook yet. Need to start carrying that again, I stopped because I have no good pockets to put it in at work but I should just put it in my backpack for later.

# Wins:
- Checked with Finn and Jesse and they said they'd be fine if Jewlia moved in with us too if we need a fourth roommate.
- Spent a little money to treat myself for all the hard work I've been doing.

# Losses:
- Probably didn't need to spend quite so much money, but that's alright I'll be getting a fat paycheck this Friday.

# Plans:
- Start carrying my notebook again, even if just to draw more.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- 