---
title: "2-15-2023"
date: 15th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got up and went to work at 7.
- Had a few bites of a slice of pizza before I left, quite delicious cold.

## Work:
- Flipped chips, finished pretty early too at 9:05. I'm fairly certain that I broke 2 hours today for three boxes of chips, but I'd have to double check my starting time which I can't really do. Guess I'll find out if I can replicate it tomorrow. I also filled up some vinaigrette cups while it was slow after we first opened and I didn't spill any B).
- Served customers on the line for a bit. Talked briefly with Anna (? pink hair and wing eyeliner (blue hair and pronounce)) about how long I was working today. Asked if they usually brought someone else in after I left and she said no, if it got busy someone from the back would come help. Feel a bit bad about leaving at noon right at the start of the lunch rush, but I do have class so it's not something I can control.

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Wrote daily journal for the 14th before class, then took notes sitting outside of the room on a little wooden bench. It wobbles a little bit when you lean forward but otherwise it's a good bench.
	- Pretty normal lecture. Andrew went around and took guesses for how long class would go for and Shayna won with a guess of 31 minutes. I really though they both highballed their guesses since there were only 14 slides to cover today but I forgot that we hadn't finished the slides from Monday so my guess of 20 minutes was pretty off.
	- Also did some figure drawing with my new fountain pen, they turned out alright but I'm definitely out of practice from where I was over winter break. Also felt a little awkward looking at figure references on pinterest in class since a lot of the people were kind of scantily clad, but oh well I survived.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Skipped to do homework at the library. Really couldn't handle sitting through one of those lectures today, partly because I didn't get much sleep last night and I was exhausted, but also because those lectures are even worse than the engineering ones in terms of being able to stay engaged and interested in what are (and I know I'm beating the horse here) essentially middle school levels of information.
- Library:
	- Actually went and did homework at the library after class today. Finished the hands on assignment for Astronomy from last friday and then went to the Engineering building and finished the Software Engineering lab. By this time I was feeling so unmotivated to do anything that I just wanted to go take a nap instead of doing homework or running, but I powered through and did both so hopefully I'll sleep really well tonight.

## Workout:
- Didn't want to go outside, so I told myself I'd do the baby workout from the training program (4 miles plus 2 minute warm up and 2 minute cool down) on my way to the gym and then maybe lift a bit or do a treadmill workout before heading back.
- And wouldn't you know it, I saw Jerald and Will at the squat racks when I first walked in, so I worked in with them on their leg day. We did 3 x 6 "one and a half" squats at 115 lbs, 4 x 6 of these weird upright leg presses with two sets at 180 lbs and two sets at 270 lbs, 4 x 6 of some machine that was basically prone hamstring curls at 25 lbs per leg, 4 x 6 Bulgarian split squats at 25 lbs in each hand, 4 x 6 leg extensions at 100 lbs, and 3 x 10 calf raises at 150 lbs. Felt really easy because I got way more recovery time between sets, but I can already tell I'm gonna be real sore flipping chips tomorrow morning
- Just did 2.5 miles at around 9:00/mi pace on the way back, with six 20-second strides worked into the last mile. 30 second recovery between each, but 60 seconds after the third one so that I could cross the street safely.

## Evening:
- Made another protein shake with milk, protein powder, and some chocolate syrup for flavor. I think I added too much powder and not enough milk and syrup because it didn't mix well. Or maybe I just used too large of a container for how much I made.
- Had an apple and the rest of the rice with my soup, quite delicious. Resisted eating pizza because I knew I'd already eaten a slice today and wanted to not be sick of it before it started going bad. Plus I want to have at least a slice or two left when Jewlia gets here so she can try it. I think I'm gonna save my half of the cannoli for tomorrow evening because it's my last day of work this week and I'm so very glad that it is.
- Showered and rolled out, then wrote this journal entry.

# Wins:
- Resisted the urge to go take a nap and instead did homework and worked out.
- Talked to coworkers and socialized a bit.
- Made good conversation and caught up with Jerald and Will at the gym.
- Waved to and smiled at Ana-Sofia at the gym when our eyes met instead of awkwardly looking away.

# Losses:
- Spent more time at the gym and getting out the door for my run than I wanted to, so I didn't really have any free time this evening, but at least I got out the door.

# Plans:
- Gotta make something for Jewlia for Valentine's day. Can't be empty handed when she shows up on Friday. That'll probably be my project tomorrow afternoon and friday morning.

# Ideas:
- I'll make a card at the very least for Jewlia, but I want to make something more too.
- Want to decorate my Chipotle hat, or at least the extra one if I can't decorate the one I wear to work. Not sure on the dress code concerning pins and embroidery.

# Media:
- 