---
title: "2-16-2023"
date: 16th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up to a very icy morning. Called Lupita and told her I might be a bit late coming in today since I only have a bike and my two legs, and she said it was fine, just to be safe coming in.
- Ended up having to lock up my bike on campus because it was just dead weight and making me off balance. Jogged most of the rest of the way in the grass once I got to the big downhill, only ended up being about 15 minutes late.

## Work:
- Flipped chips  and finally broke 2 hours for 3 boxes of chips B).
- Faily routine shift otherwise.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Fairly routine, don't really remember much.
- EECS 348 Midterm:
	- This was a whole cluster. Over half of the problems had mistakes and typos in them, and the whole class had their hands up asking questions and clarifications the entire time. I don't understand how the professor thought that this exam was "easy" or even acceptable testing material. Probably gonna end up having to do the extra credit lab this weekend to make up for terrible exam writing.

## Workout:
- Decided to go shopping for Valentines gifts for Jewlia instead of running. Ended up just walking and running half way around town anyway.

## Evening:
- Went down to one of the Dillon's locations because I knew there were forever roses there last time we went, but they were out of stock. Called around to the other locations in town and eventually found one location on the other side of town that claimed they had one left in stock.
- Ran all the way over there (probably around 4 miles ish) still in my boots and snow pants and winter coat. Turned out the lady did not understand what I was asking about and they did not in fact have any forever roses. So I bought Jewlia a different bouquet with some of her favorite flowers and colors in it. Also got a few other gifts, like a rain-scented candle, some chocolate, and some of her favorite snacks for this weekend.
- Walked back home so as not to disturb the flowers too much. It was dark by this time, and a cop nearly ran a red light and ran me over. Thankfully he stomped on his breaks and I saw him coming so didn't step out into the cross walk. Gave him a sassy head tilt as I passed and he just awkwardly gulped and nodded back. Really owned the libs with that one, but it felt good.
- Worked on a card for Jewlia and finished the inking and words, saved the coloring for the morning since it was pretty late by that time.

# Wins:
- Found some gifts for Jewlia for late Valentine's day.
- Ran around in boots even though it felt so heavy compared to my normal workout clothes (like a damn Space Marine).

# Losses:
- Probably should've called around to the Dillon's locations first before trekking around the town in icy conditions, but oh well I got a good workout in.

# Plans:
- Gonna finish the color for Jewlia's card in the morning.