---
title: "2-18-2023"
date: 18th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up pretty late, cuddled in bed and relaxed more.
- Made some bread with oil and roasted garlic, ate too much and couldn't go run until later than I wanted.

## Workout:
- 15 miles at just outside comfy pace. Today was super windy which made my heartrate go crazy, but we still set new PR's B). Half marathon PR down to 1:33:00 now. Sub 1:30:00 here I come!
- Met up with Jewlia and Vilma at the antique store afterwards rather than going home so I didn't recover how I should've, but that's alright.

## Evening:
- Spent some time wandering around Mass street with Jewlia and Vilma before going back to their apartment to sort out the jewelry jar they bought. Ended up staying there for longer than planned, but it worked out.
- Went back to our apartment and showered real quick and changed into nice ish clothes for Chili's. Got there and only had to wait around 10 minutes before getting seated, but it was packed and the server only came by like once (and I never got my rice :'( ). But otherwise it was quite delicious, and we got free chips and salsa plus extra to bring home B).
- When we got back, the gamer boys were in full swing and partied pretty hard that night. Jewlia had trouble sleeping because they were being so loud but I was pretty tired from the run and went right to sleep.

# Wins:
- Ran a new half marathon PR even in tough wind.
- Had a wonderful late Valentine's dinner with Jewlia.

# Losses:
- Didn't recover quite how I should have after my run.

# Plans:
- Gonna make pico de gallo tomorrow to eat with the tortilla chips from Chili's.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- 