---
title: "2-19-2023"
date: 19th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- The gamer boys slept in a whole bunch, and Jewlia was wiped out from not getting to sleep until late because of their noise all night so we both slept in too.
- Got up and made some pico and more roasted garlic and oil on bread and egg sandwiches, everything was very delicious.

## Workout:
- Rest day.

## Evening:
- Found a dang TV and TV stand and monitor and speaker set just sitting outside by the dumpster, so I snagged them and we cleaned them up. Went to walmart to get power cords for them, and the TV for sure works great. Couldn't find the right cord for the monitor, but that's alright. We'll probably just sell it if we don't find one. They're both pretty old models, but hey a TV's a TV. Just slap a fire stick on there and it's fancy.
- Also found a bunch of MTG cards in there, so once I clean those I might sell them or give them to Jerald (or maybe I'll get back into playing, who knows?).
- Watched some more Bridgerton and made sure to get to bed at a reasonable time tonight, but I couldn't sleep and read for like two hours before finally falling asleep.

# Wins:
- Found a damn free TV and accessories. Sweet upgrade for the new apartment next semester.

# Losses:
- 

# Plans:
- Gotta figure out what to do with the sick dumpster haul. Probably keep the TV and stand for the new apartment, maybe sell the rest unless Jewlia ends up getting a computer and wants to use the monitor.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Well into season 2 now. On episode 2 or 3 maybe. I'm so excited to be done with Simon and Daphne's stupid hate-sex scenes, and now we know who Lady Whistledown is so we get an extra angle of intruige as she tries to stay anonymous but still on the cutting edge of all the gossip.
	- I'm excited to see how the Viscount's and the older sister's relationship goes, but I wish they weren't setting up a sister rivalry thing, and I hope it doesn't actually turn out to be that. Gross.