---
title: "2-2-2023"
date: 2nd February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Finished next week's reading quizzes for Astronomy. Still pretty easy, but starting to get into rote memorization stuff that isn't just common sense. Probably will have to go over this stuff before the midterm.
- Read some Undead x Unluck, pretty exciting. More on this in media section. Making me want to write again, or just flex my creative muscles in some way. Feel like I have too much free time and not enough projects, but don't want to load myself up with work and then have school start to slam me with a bigger workload.
- Listened to a lot of Japanese music mixes on Youtube
- Ate an egg sammich with some birria for breakfast, quite scrumptious.
- Ate a regular sammich sans avocado because we ran out for runch, also delicious.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture
	- Normal boring lecture. Finished notes well ahead of lecturer as usual. Read some more Worm, it's getting interesting. More on this in media section.
- EECS 348 Lecture
	- Another normal boring lecture. Hopefully finally finished with "reviewing" C programming language like we have been doing for over a week. Played some picross for the first time in a while, inspired by Andrew. Pretty fun, at the point where I enjoy 15x15 but can't quite get the 20x20's down without a lot of thinking. In class quiz was fairly easy, but I missed one question because I didn't realize that a variable was iterating twice in the for loop, once when the loop starts and again when the variable is called in the loop.
- Library:
	- Finished homework for the week on Tuesday so no need to go

## Workout:
- 2.5 mile tempo to rec center
- Rec center:
	- Deep back squat holds: 4x6 with 35 lbs on each side, 45(?) lbs bar totalling 115 lbs
	- Pull ups: 5 after each set of back squats
	- Hamstring curls: 3x8 with 100 lbs
	- Leg Extensions: 3x8 with 100 lbs
	- Hip adduction: 3x8 with 145 x2, 160 lbs
	- Hip abduction: 3x8 with 145, 160, 175 lbs
	- Calf raises: 2x10 with 150 lbs
	- Weighted Lunges: 3x20 (10 each side) with 20 lbs dumbbell in each hand
- 2.5 mile tempo back

## Evening:
- Had dinner after workout. Ate rice, birria, frozen veggies, and the rest of the mini tacos
- Made journaling vault in Obsidian
- Watched a Tinman Elite video, big inspiration (see Media section). Reminded me of how much I miss running with a team
- Will unwind and talk with Jewlia about day before bed. Gonna try to get to sleep on time tonight (10 pm).

# Wins:
- Went on a workout, 2.5 tempo to jim, big leg day at jim, 2.5 tempo back. Have been unmotivated to run recently because of cold temperatures, but I'm sticking with it and hitting my 30 miles per week, and even starting to slowly increase mileage.

# Losses:
- Didn't fall asleep last night until just before 11 pm, so I didn't get as much sleep as I'd have liked. Gotta start saying goodnight to Jewlia earlier.
- Been eating a lot of cereal and icream recently, guessing I've gotten a taste for sugar again after drinking so much soda in the past two or so weeks.

# Plans:
- Want to try making a comic/web series, or just write something in general.

# Ideas:
- Yonkoma style comic about little cats and frogs getting into mischief?

# Media:
- Undead x Unluck:
	- Started reading this morning, now on chapter 25.
	- Enjoying the action and for the most part the story, which is rare for a shonen manga.
	- Feel like the pacing is just a little too fast and the characters have to explain too much, but that's the way it goes when you have complex rule systems for powers in a manga
- Worm:
	- Read a bit more during 388 lecture because I was bored and it wasn't likely to get me stared at for showing manga tiddies.
	- The main character is trying out fighting crime for the first time and I think she's gonna get her ass handed to her and become disillusioned, probably pushed towards anti-hero activities even though she seems to be a lawful good person at heart.
- Gachiakuta:
	- Also started this morning, now on chapter 3.
	- I think I'll probably like the main character, but unsure so far since he seems like he could be pretty annoying depending on how deep into the hatred for the whole world he goes into.
	- Really like the art style, very dirty and grungy, even more so than Dorohedoro. I think if I were to make a manga, I'd want to do it in something similar to this style.
- One Punch Man Manga:
	- Didn't get an update today, but very patiently (not at all) waiting for the Saitama Tatsumaki fight (chapter 180).
- <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WFM8a7o35-0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
	- Brought back some motivation to run and get faster. Reminded me how much I miss running on a team.
