---
title: "2-20-2023"
date: 20th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Did not sleep well last night at all. Probably got less than 6 hours because I just couldn't fall asleep. Not sure why.
- Got up and went to work. Jewlia really didn't want me to leave and I was almost late, but I got in some extra hugs and kisses so it's okay.

## Work:
- Fried 3.5 boxes of chips today. Otherwise pretty normal.
- Had an actual conversation with Anna today. Talked about our interests. She likes playing videogames (Apex ewwww) and doodling when she gets inspired (not when she gets fired lol)

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Wrote a little review for Astronomy midterm and took a few notes over the lecture material before class.
	- Normal class, lasted 31 minutes this time as well. I wonder if the professor has an internal clock like I do with the chips?
- ASTR 191 Midterm:
	- Was more difficult than I expected, but not impossible. 10 questions, 5 of them being short answer 4-8 sentences, and the other 5 being drawing diagrams.
	- I'm fairly certain I got at least an 80%, which is fine with me since my other grades in the class will hard carry me.
- EECS 388 Lab:
	- Pretty interesting, but not for the right reasons. We connected motors to the boards today and had to drive them to point at different angles at specific times, but only about 2 motors in the entire class actually worked. Thankfully Andrew's worked, so I was able to get out of there fairly quickly.

## Workout:
- I was really tired so I went home instead of going to the library. I was going to go on a short, slow run but ended up falling asleep for about 2 hours. Went on my run around 6:30, just 5 miles at around 8:00/mi pace.

## Evening:
- Had dinner (leftover soup and Chili's and an apple), showered, and worked on the extra credit lab. Definitely did not complete it correctly, but maybe I'll get some partial credit for some of the stuff I did get right.

# Wins:
- Had a real conversation with Anna, she even laughed which was cool. One step closer to work friends that aren't Cristian.

# Losses:
- Didn't sleep much and took a huge nap which threw off my whole day.

# Plans:
- Gonna claw my way back onto my sleep schedule this week or bust.
- This Friday going back to KC to have dinner with family and discuss Jewlia possibly moving in with Finn and Jesse and I.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- 