---
title: "2-21-2023"
date: 21st February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up to a notification that one of my classes was cancelled, and I didn't have work today either so I slept in a bit.
- For breakfast I had an egg sandwich with some pico, quite delicious.
- Decided I was tired of trying to get github pages to work, so I went through all of the journal entries I've written so far and transferred them onto my wordpress website. It's not as streamlined or easy as getting that finished would have been, but who cares.
- For lunch, ate a sandwich with cheese, turkey lunch meat, half an avocado, and this time I tried out some oil and salt, although I couldn't really taste the difference. Also had an apple, some carrots, and a few barbeque chips, since I knew I would probably not have dinner until later tonight.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Cancelled for unexplained reasons! Professor claimed that a recording would be posted of the lecture material, but as of 9:00 p.m. it has not yet. Real excited to have to play surprise catch up with this sometime this week, but at least I got to relax at home a bit more before going to class.
- EECS 348 Lecture:
	- Went over barely any content because the professor was too busy throwing shade at the kids who complained (rightfully so) about the terribly written test.
	- Ended up reading some more Worm during this lecture after finishing the notes in around half the time it took him to stop bumbling on about nothing.
- Library:
	- Worked on Linear Algebra homework at Andrew's place. Got through almost all of it, although a few questions stumped us. Left around 5:30 to have time to run before it got too late.

## Workout:
- Training program wanted me to do a five minute "time trial", so I ran the half mile warmup, a bit extra warm up to get to a good starting place with fewer intersections, and ran the "time trial" (around 5:50/mi pace, 0.86 miles), then did the half mile cool down before starting the rest of my now fartlek workout.
- Did 7 x 1:00 on, 0:30 off at sub 6:00/mi pace. Went from 5:05/mi to 5:47/mi by the last rep. Did a 5 minute off section, then ran another 5:00 on at whatever pace I had left, which ended up being 6:11/mi.
- Finished the rest of the way back at cool down pace for a total of 6.27 miles in 47:08.

## Evening:
- Had a protein shake when I got back with milk, chocolate syrup, and this time some honey. It mixed better this time around, which I believe was because I used the smaller ninja blender cup, and it tasted better too. Less of the bitterness from the protein powder thanks to the honey.
- For dinner I ate some rice, vegetables, and some lemon chicken that Finn made this weekend, along with some chips and pico.
- Showered, stretched, and rolled. While I did my recovery I looked up some common causes and fixes for lower back pain while running, since my back tends to get sore when doing faster intervals. I used to believe that it only occurred when running on tracks, but now I think I only ever ran fast enough for it to hurt when I was running on a track, rather than the surface being the difference. Found a few mobility exercises for lessening pain when it happens, along with some core exercises and form cues to work on in the future.
- Wrote up this journal entry rather than laying in bed and watching YouTube videos B) (although I'm sure I'll end up doing some of that later too).

# Wins:
- Got a lot of my Linear Algebra homework done in one day.
- Ran a good workout even though it felt really tough.

# Losses:
- Probably shouldn't have slept in so that I would be more likely to fall asleep at the right time tonight since I have work in the morning, but we'll deal with that when it comes.

# Plans:
- Gotta finish the Linear homework tomorrow after work but before going to the pottery open house with Jewlia and Vilma, otherwise it's not going to get done. I'll probably just go to the library instead of Astronomy lecture so I have time to run before the open house too (hopefully).

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- Worm:
	- Now part way through Agitation 3.3.
	- Taylor has joined the group of villains as an undercover agent on the side of the heroes of the city (although I don't believe that Armsmaster or any other heroes actually know this) in order to gather information and hopefully help take them down. Unfortunately they turn out to be some of the few people in her life willing to be friends with her.
	- It's fairly clear that this story is going to turn into Taylor becoming a villain for real even though she wants to be a hero. Just unsure as to when the flip is going to take place. Probably when she gets betrayed by somebody she thought was supposed to be on her side, like Armsmaster or another hero. Or maybe she won't have time to explain it to them and she'll be branded a villain without being able to explain herself, and then she'll be driven too far into villainhood and just start embracing it.
	- Kind of unsure as to why some of the school scenes are there. It feels like their only purpose is to show that Taylor is slowly going to school less and less, but I think they could have done more work in some way. I'm sure there's a mini climax to that idea coming soon, but for now it just kind of seems like a checkbox being ticked off before getting to the exciting new super villain team scenes.