---
title: "2-22-2023"
date: 22nd February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Slept much better last night, very deep sleep and even had a few dreams. Don't remember what they were about but I do remember I came up with the most amazing idea for something during one and *had* to remember it in the morning, but of course I don't. I did have a dream that I could finally do a side splits though. Maybe the thing I had to remember was how to do it?
- Went to work, it was raining a bit but still 60°F so I skipped the snow/rain pants over my jeans and just dealt with slightly soggy pants. Much better than overheating at the fryer.

## Work:
- Flipped chips like normal, ended up making 3.5 boxes today plus the normal amount of tacos shells.
- Thought about how flipping chips is a form of meditation now, since I just zone out and think about whatever I want while my body does the same tasks over and over, a lot like running. Also thought of a cool analogy for chip flipping as a low-tech form of manufacturing engineering, in that I'm working on optimizing each step in the process in order to more efficiently flip chips. Probably not something to put on the resume, but maybe something to talk about in an interview if Chipotle comes up?
- There was a new hire being trained for back of house, I think his name was Mark? Seemed nice, but didn't really get a chance to talk.
- Sophie showed me how to wrap burritos better, but I still need some more practice before I really get the hang of it. A few of the burritos I wrapped today were definitely suboptimal, but oh well. That's what they get for ordering burritos instead of the far more economical bowl with a tortilla on the side.
- Jewlia came in to say hi and got a bowl, and I introduced her to Sophie.
- Was pretty busy today even before noon, so I did as many orders as I could before 12 even though April was having trouble keeping up with at the salsa station.

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Fairly normal for the first half of class. Then the emergency alarm went off and we all had to go outside. Working theory is that somebody set fire to the building since police officers and a firetruck showed up, so the professor just said we'll pick back up next week.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Skipped to go to the library and do homework instead.
- Library:
	- Finished Linear Algebra homework, except I have a feeling that I definitely didn't understand one of the problems. I did it using both methods that we've learned so far and both times I got a different answer than the one we were supposed to prove to be true. Love finding determinants of giant matrices, so much fun!
	- Also filled out a survey for whatever the Hackathon organization is called. Supposedly got entered into a raffle for a new laptop by filling it out but I doubt I'll ever hear anything about that.

## Workout:
- Just did an easy 6 miles with four 0:20 strides with 0:30 rest between each in the last mile. Averaged 7:32/mi pace, felt pretty good. Focused on not letting my hips fall into an anterior rotation while I run (tilted forward), so hopefully that helps with my back pain.
- Did some mobility drills and core afterwards to also help with the back pain. Probably should've been doing core this whole time but I find it really boring and end up not taking enough rest between exercises, which makes it really difficult. Gotta work on that, maybe I'll find a good podcast or show to watch while I do it, something that I can just listen to the in background. I don't usually like listening to podcasts while I run because I can't focus on either one as much as I'd like to, but I think for core it'd probably be fine.

## Evening:
- Went back to the apartment, showered and ate some quick dinner before getting ready to go to the pottery open house with Jewlia, Vilma, and Cristian. Had the rest of the chicken noodle soup and some rice along with an apple.
- The pottery open house ended up being a few kids, some other college aged kids, and us, which apparently is busier than normal. Jewlia had fun experimenting with the wheel for a bit while the rest of us worked with clay at a table nearby. I made a little frog that resembles a stuffed animal I got Jewlia called Freg, and he turned out really cute. I'm hoping that none of his limbs fall off when he gets fired. Jewlia's planning on going back on Tuesday next week with Vilma, so I guess we'll find out then.
- Went to Munchers afterwards and I got a strawberry cream cheese donut, Jewlia got a cinnamon roll. So delicious. Ate them at Vilma and Cristian's place and talked for a bit before going back to the apartment for the night.
- Successfully got to bed at 10:00 even with all the stuff we did tonight B).

# Wins:
- Finished everything I needed to do before pottery with plenty of time to spare.
- Introduced Jewlia to Sophie so hopefully now that she knows I'm in a relationship it's a little less awkward. Always easier to talk to women when they know I'm not gonna be a creep, but it's hard to tell them that without coming off as a creep.
- Made a cute little clay Freg!

# Losses:
- Need to work more on wrapping burritos. I've got pretty much everything else at front of house down pat now, I just need more practice on burritos, especially when they're way more full than they ever should be.

# Plans:
- Gotta do laundry tomorrow, or sometime before I go to KC this weekend.

# Ideas:
- Maybe I should start working on my splits again?

# Media:
- Didn't really have time to watch anything.