---
title: "2-23-2023"
date: 23rd February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got up and kissed Jewlia good morning before leaving for work. How did it manage to go from 60°F yesterday to 19°F? Kansas weather back on its BS.

## Work:
- Made 3.5 boxes of chips again. Finished everything, including taco shells and even cleaning and setting up the tortilla station before 10:00 a.m., which is rare. I think part of it was we had a few extra people here today since Lupita is on vacation now, but I doubt that was the only factor considering who some of the people there were (but you didn't hear me say that).
- Got a little more burrito practice until Anna looked over and was like "you wanna switch?" which pretty much meant "you're going too slow, skill issue". So I still gotta practice more, but at least I wrapped them correctly. I just gotta get faster now.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Professor still hasn't posted the video for last lecture. Took the notes for this lecture in 20 minutes and then napped for the rest of class.
- EECS 348 Lecture:
	- Got my extra credit lab graded and I did get partial credit! I think part of the reason I got any points was because only like 20 people in the entire class even turned anything in (and because I figure out most of the problem, just not all of it). So now my grade is back up to a quite satisfactory level B).
	- Professor went over how he "solved" the problem, which did not involve showing any code at all, but instead just talking through the problem, which was THE EASY PART. No wonder he thought the problem was easy, he didn't even bother to write any code.
	- Finished the notes early and just read Worm until class was over while the professor droned on about the same analogy in four different flavors for UML and Scrum. Came up with some banger bits though, like she manage my workflow til I scrum, and who up managing they scrum? Anyway, we had a laugh at the silly British lingo.
- Library:
	- Already finished the homework for this week (excepting a review for the Linear Algebra midterm that I'm planning on doing this weekend so it's more fresh in my mind and definitely not because I'm putting it off), so I applied to some engineering internships. Fully expecting to never hear back from a single one until sometime next year, but that's just how it goes in the biz.
	- My bike also had a flat tire when I came back outside to go home, so I had to walk it back to the apartment. Some lady also didn't look even a glance before almost zooming through a stop sign (without stopping) and running me over. And then she had the gall to have attitude about it too. Like lady, you're the one driving the two ton gas guzzling smog spewing death machine without paying attention to the world around you. Come on now.

## Workout:
- The cold really demotivated me, so I took today off. Also had to do laundry, which is always a pain to schedule a workout around, especially now that my mileage is increasing.

## Evening:
- Diagnosed that the back tire was leaking air through the valve, and I don't have the right valve cap with me in Lawrence so I gotta bring my bike (or at least the back wheel, but I'd rather not go through the hassle of taking off the rear derailleur if I don't have to) with me to KC this weekend.
- Ate some rice, eggs, and the last of one of the bags of frozen veggies for dinner. Added the rest of the pico too, but regretted it because it overpowered all of the other flavors and I ended up getting sick of eating it half way through. Probably could've added some soy or hot sauce but I was already pretty full so I just packed it up for tomorrow.
- Wrote and published the journal entries for today and yesterday.
- Finished laundry right as Jewlia got back from work and helped her make some eggs because she turned the heat on too high and hates when the oil pops.

# Wins:
- Applied to a bunch of internships.
- Avoided getting run over by insane car drivers who value two seconds of their time over the wellbeing of others around them again. Why does anyone care about the trolley problem when hardly anyone can figure out the car problem?

# Losses:
- Gave in to the temptation to take a day off from running even though it means I gotta run more this weekend to keep up my weekly mileage.

# Plans:
- Gotta remember to take the rice cooker home with me too so that we can finally figure out if its the rice cooker that's broken or if its the outlets here. It's been making super soggy rice no matter how much water I put in ever since we moved in and I keep forgetting to bring it home. Adding seasonings before cooking seems to help but I do miss normal rice.

# Ideas:
- Who up mastering they scrum right now?

# Media:
- Worm:
	- Now Agitation 3.6.
	- Ooh we're one step closer to my prediction of Taylor flipping and becoming a villain because she gets unfairly pushed out of society by the heroes. Armsmaster was being a real piece of work, but I understand not putting too much stock in the ideas of a high school sophomore running around controlling bugs in a spider silk suit.