---
title: "2-24-2023"
date: 24th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up at 6 even though I don't work today. Looks like I successfully got back on my sleep schedule B). Even fell asleep fine last night even though I didn't run yesterday, which was a nice surprise.
- Had a dream that I was riding around on a razor scooter in a giant skate park building and learning to do cool tricks. Also saw my ex who was living in one of the little cubbies up there? Then after I left I found a great cycling coach but I didn't have any of my gear with me and practice was about to start, so I was trying to write down my contact information for her but I couldn't write my name legibly, much less my phone number. Very infuriating.
- Did some Linear Algebra review but didn't get very far because the matrices for Gauss-Jordan practice were some of the nastiest we've ever been assigned.
- Went to a bakery for breakfast with Jewlia, got an egg sammich on ciabatta and a small hot chocolate which were delicious, and she got french toast and berries. She also wanted to try the biscuit and gravy so we split a half order of that, and everything was soooo good. Definitely going to go back again, but maybe not get quite so much food next time.
- Explored Wonder Fair while we digested before going back home and we said hi to Dave the shop cat. I found the cutest little teeny tiny flip notebook that was the perfect size to fit in my pocket, so hopefully I don't lose or destroy this one too.

## Classes:
- EECS 348 Lab:
	- Fairly simple lab today, first one we did in C++ rather than C. Mostly just writing different functions for an implementation of matrices. Most of the problems were pretty easy, like adding two matrices, finding the largest item, finding the location of an item if it's present, and finding the transpose of a matrix.
	- The tricky one came with matrix multiplication. I spent a good chunk of time on that one just trying to get the console to print *anything*, even my debugging print statements. I wrote out the whole process on paper to figure out what each variable should be at each step and where the variables might be becoming invalid values and couldn't figure out why the program still wasn't working. Then the TA came by and said "shouldn't that less-than-or-equals sign just be a less-than sign?", and wouldn't you know it, the program worked perfectly. Was even written to work for any sized matrix too. I bamboozled myself once again.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Skipped to try to get everything I needed to finish in Lawrence before I headed back to KC done before we had to be at home for dinner.

## Workout:
- Just a quick speed workout. Half mile warm-up, 4 x 800's at or below 6:00/mi pace with 2:00 rest between. The splits for each were 2:37, 2:43, 2:48, and 2:59. Held on as long as I could to my form, but it's tough trying to hold a different form to what I'm used to, especially at higher speeds, and it definitely started to drop around rep 3. Just barely made it through the last rep at the pace I'd been doing before winter break, so I called it good there and finished off 5 miles at cool down pace.

## Evening:
- Showered and hurried to pack everything up for the weekend, including my bike and the rice cooker that's been acting up. Jewlia made some incredible pastries with cream cheese and strawberries to bring with us to dinner, they turned out so good.
- We didn't end up leaving until around almost 5:00, and were hoping to be able to stop by game club to say hi to some of our friends but they ended up calling it early because of projected icy roads later in the evening.
- Mom made bulgogi beef with rice and bok choy, and it was soooo good. I forgot how much I miss good rice. Had some butter brickle ice cream for dessert, I don't think it's my favorite flavor but it was pretty good.
- Caught up with my parents, then sat down as discussed apartment options. They were fine with Jewlia living with us next semester, which is very exciting and big stressor off our backs. We looked at a few options at the complex that Cristian and Vilma live in because its a major upgrade over where I'm staying now for hardly any extra cost (possibly cheaper with four people living there).
- Talked with my parents a bit more before bed.

# Wins:
- Completed a lot of tasks before going back to KC.
- Caught up with family I haven't seen in a while.
- We have parents' blessing to live together next semester!

# Losses:
- Didn't finish stuff in Lawrence fast enough to make it to game club before dinner, but we'll find another time to visit.

# Plans:
- Gotta fix my bike before leaving tomorrow.
- Gotta apply for the apartment complex and get the other roommates on board and applied too.

# Ideas:
- Maybe try writing click-baity messages in the group chat until everyone has applied.

# Media:
- 