---
title: "2-25-2023"
date: 25th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up early and got attacked by Piper, but my pajama pants made it out relatively slobber free.
- Had some leftover potato casserole and some waffles for breakfast. Haven't had a good Eggo in too long.
- Applied for the apartment complex and emailed them some questions about the complex. If they don't respond soon I'll email again because I'd like to get in line as early as possible.
- Cristian texted me that apparently I was scheduled to work today, which I was pretty sure that Eddie had said I wasn't, but I double checked the email and sure enough I had been scheduled for today. Eddie didn't call me though, so I wasn't too worried. Besides, what are they gonna fire the fastest chip fryer this side of the Mississippi when they're already hurting for employees? Hell no. I'll apologize tomorrow when I go in for my shift.
- Mom showed me the Microsoft Power Apps she had been learning about and making for work, they're really neat. Kind of a low-code version of web forms with excel-type function writing. If I have time I'm definitely gonna check out a few LinkedIn Learning courses on that, could be very nice to put on the resume and have in the back pocket for interviews.
- Fixed my bike with Dad in the garage. Turned out that it wasn't the valve on the back tube that was leaking, but the fact that the whole nozzle was torn half off the tube. We replaced the whole tube and the tire as well since it was balder than Northern Lion in the morning after a fresh shave. This tire is slightly smaller than the previous one, but I don't think it'll be too noticeable.

## Workout:
- Went for a long run, but it didn't go very well. Planned on doing 16 miles today, but I hit a wall at around the 8 mile mark, so I couldn't shorten the run at all because I was already turning around. My legs ran out of gas at 13 miles, so I at least got in a half marathon, but it was pretty slow in the second half. Ended up having to walk most of the 3 miles back, jogging occasionally when my legs weren't cramping.
- I definitely went too hard on the workout yesterday, and probably didn't hydrate and fuel enough last night and this morning. I also didn't get as much sleep as I could've either, which probably didn't help. I'm gonna take tomorrow off instead of doing a short shakeout like I planned and hopefully next week will go better. Probably need to up the mileage in some of my other runs so that the long run is a smaller perecentage of my total weekly mileage too, but I'm not too worried about that.

## Evening:
- Got back and had an amazing sandwich. It's incredible how much of a difference good bread can make in a sandwich. Drank some water with a nuun hydration tablet too, and ate some fruit too. Had a shower then pretty much passed out in bed until dinner time. Wish I'd spent more time with my family this afternoon but that's alright, I did a lot today.
- Packed up my stuff before dinner so that I'd be ready to go when we finished eating. Mom made salmon with onions, rice, and green beans, one of my favorites. Said bye to everyone and packed stuff into car to head back to apartment.
- I drove on the way out, and talked with Mom about school and internship opportunities.
- Worked on embroidering some flowers on my spare Chipotle hat, turned out pretty nice. Not sure if I'll be allowed to wear it to work, but either way I'm definitely going to do some more on it.

# Wins:
- Spent some quality time with my parents.
- Applied to apartment complex.
- Learned a bit about Microsoft Power Apps.

# Losses:
- Didn't have a great run today, but at least I didn't collapse out in the suburbs or something. Probably would've gotten arrested for that in those neighborhoods.

# Plans:
- Embroider some more on my spare hat.
- Apologize to Eddie for not reading the schedule email correctly.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- 