---
title: "2-26-2023"
date: 26th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got up and went to work. Decided not to wear the embroidered hat today, partly because it's not very finished and also in case the apology doesn't go well I don't wanna have another thing against me.

## Work:
- Eddie wasn't really that bothered by it, I apologized and he seemed surprised and impressed that I did? Makes me wonder about some of my coworkers... But anyway I still have a job so that's great.
- Had to make 3.5 boxes of chips today, but finished pretty quick. Fairly normal shift, although it was really slow in the morning and then was packed for almost the rest of the shift, quite annoying. You'd think people would just get food earlier when it's not as busy and then eat it later when they're hungry, but of course not. Throat got really sore from non-stop talking for almost 5 hours, but thankfully I got a few breaks in the rush to get some water and it felt better afterwards.

## Workout:
- Took the day off for my body to recover from yesterday.

## Evening:
- Made a milkshake when I got back with milk, strawberries, chocolate syrup, honey, and some chocolate icecream. Very delicious, made the 8 hour shift not so bad.
- Showered and spent some time embroidering while watching Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Kind of disappointing movie, more in the Media section.
- Got two email responses to the internships applications already, which is very surprising. One was a rejection, which was pretty expected, but the other was an invitation to complete a pre-recorded inverview within the next two weeks, which is quite exciting if only because it's not an immediate rejection. Gotta find time to do that, either Tuesday morning or maybe this weekend. Might spend Tuesday morning reviewing for Linear Algebra midterm, we'll see.
- Had some late dinner of more Chipotle because I didn't feel like cooking, then finished the night with more embroidery. Finished one whole side of the hat with vines and roses, and got almost half way done with the other half.

# Wins:
- Didn't get fired B).
- Did a lot of embroidery and it turned out really good.

# Losses:
- Didn't cook something for this week's dinners like I probably should have, but I'll have plenty of time later this week too.

# Plans:
- Find time to complete the pre-recorded interview.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- Black Panther: Wakanda Forever:
	- Wasn't expecting too much from this movie since the lead actor for this section of the franchise is now deceased. Was interested to see how they might portray scenes where they would need him, but they kind of just avoided it all together in a boring way. I get that it would be insensitive to do something completely out of pocket like deepfake him into the movie, but what they ended up doing was just adequate, nothing more.
	- I think Shuri could be an interesting character if they would devote more time to actually developing her character. She starts and ends the movie in much the same place, but now she's learned not to murder people for vengeance and also she's now the Black Panther? She doesn't exactly work for some of these things either, like the main antagonist just gives her the flower she needed to regain the powers of the Black Panther in one of the most obviously placed setups ever. She doesn't even make the consious choice to take the path of peace rather than violence which might lead to her gaining the flower, but rather she has no choice but to surrender because she is powerless in the face of the antagonist and is taken captive. She's forced to choose peace, then when she regains her powers she chooses violence. But then at the end when she is about to kill the main antagonist, her mother tells her no and she listens like an obedient child. Then they ride up and save the last stand of the Wakandan's in the most awkward scene ever.
	- Most of the first half of the movie was just setting up what's happened and who the antagonists are, which felt like a waste of time and could have been done much more efficiently. Say, half and hour to 45 minutes, rather than an hour and half. Maybe that's me disliking three hour long movies, but they still had an excess of exposition and not enough scenes and actions.
	- All in all, subpar even for a Marvel movie.