---
title: "2-27-2023"
date: 27th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Got up and went to work, this time wearing my newly embroidered hat!

## Work:
- General Manager gave me the okay to wear the hat, which is awesome. I'm excited to add more embroidery to it in the future. But my mood was slightly spoiled by the fact that I had to do for boxes of chips. We're up to 128 pounds of chips now, and it's a little ridiculous. I've heard from the evening crew that we have to throw out a bunch at the end of the day,  and we don't really have space to store them all throughout the day anyway, so idk why we're making this many, but whatever. More time to listen to music I guess.
- Had a pretty normal shift, a few new faces showed up today, including someone interviewing which is exciting. Interested to see if I'll end up working with any of them.
- Jewlia came in and got some food too, it was nice to see her. Excited to hang out with her this evening.

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Professor was gone today, so we had a substitute instead. I think he was a grad student since he seemed pretty young, but he seemed nice. He tried to be enthusiastic but I could tell that he was just as bored as we were going over basic vector information. Not really sure why we're covering this again, but at least it isn't something super complex I guess.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Didn't bother going, went to the library to do homework instead.
- EECS 388 Lab:
	- Cancelled this week for engineering expo. Although not really "cancelled," since we get to do it next week at the same time as next week's lab! Yay! :')
- Library:
	- Started the review for the Linear Algebra midterm on Wedensday. It started out with two giant, brutal matrices that we had to use Gauss-Jordan on, and it completely killed my motivation. Ended up skipping to the next few questions, but not really getting much done.
	- Did a chunk of a LinkedIn Learning module on Microsoft Power Apps which was fun. Excited to learn more about these, they seem pretty neat.

## Workout:
- Just did a short 5 miles at easy pace with four 0:20 strides, 0:30 rest between each, in the last mile. Averaged 7:52/mi pace, which probably should have been slower since I'm trying to let my body recover from the disaster of a long run on Saturday, but I felt good after warming up a bit so it's probably fine. 

## Evening:
- Came back and Jewlia had gotten back from her walk. She had some roller food from QuikTrip with her, so we had a little snack before a shower. Practiced my makeup and tried a new eyeliner style before heading to Walmart and Dillon's to pick up various groceries and stuff we needed like TP. If you aren't slaying at Walmart, why even go? Picked up some green beans there that I'm excited to cook this week. I need to branch out with more vegetables in my cooking (well, more foods of all kinds).
- Heated up some frozen veggies and fried rice that mom sent home with me for dinner. Jewlia and I made some more pico de gallo, this time with a larger ratio of tomatoes to other ingredients, as well as a lot more lime juice and salt. We watched some Bridgerton before bed, more on this in the Media section.

# Wins:
- Did some LinkedIn Learning on Power Apps.
- Spent time with Jewlia.

# Losses:
- Should have spent more time reviewing for Linear Algebra midterm, but there will be time tomorrow morning since I don't work.

# Plans:
- Gotta review for Linear Algebra tomorrow morning instead of sleeping in.

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Now on season 2 episode 5.
	- Maybe it's the cigarette connection, maybe it's the fact that British people play it, but pall-mall seems like an unfun game for people with too much time on their hands. However, it's also the perfect plot device for setting up situations where two people might find themselves with some alone time in the woods away from the prying eyes of society.
	- Was not expecting Anthony to get flashbacks and basically grope Kate because of a bee, but here we are. Guess he's gotta be sympathetic somehow, because the rest of his character certainly isn't helping with that. Kate and Edwina both deserve better.