---
title: "2-28-2023"
date: 28th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Kissed Jewlia good morning, then worked some more on Linear Algebra review. Still didn't get far before I was doing more work on LinkedIn Learning and Power Apps. Finished the course on Power Apps, but I'm unsure if it connected with my LinkedIn profile since my Learning profile is connected through the KC Public Library. Will have to do some investigation and testing.
- Read the latest One Punch Man chapter, then some Gachiakuta too until I got hungry. Had an apple, some cereal, and a slice of bread for breakfast. Probably not the most nutritious, but it's what my body was craving at the time and I generally trust that instinct.
- Eye doctor called to schedule an appointment in response to an email I sent on friday, and I think I'll just be able to squeeze it in without having to take time off of work. I've already requested a bit of time off for Jewlia's birthday and previously Valentine's day, so I don't want to request more off for a little while if I can help it, although I don't think it would be that big of a deal.
- Had some more pico and watched some Bridgerton when Jewlia woke up before getting ready for class.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Pretty routine class. Finished notes early, read some Worm. The usual.
- EECS 348 Lecture:
	- Finished notes particularly early this time, so I started a LinkedIn Learning course on fullstack web development, but didn't get very far before I noticed that the professor had posted and started the next set of slides, so I played catch up for all of five minutes before I passed him and almost finished all 60 some slides before the end of class. Good exercise for my fingers, I guess.
- Library:
	- Went to Andrew's house to review for Linear Algebra midterm. We got through quite a bit, but I was still feeling a bit burnt out so we worked a bit on the 388 homework and figured out almost all of it. Converting MIPS to binary machine code is still pretty confusing and annoying, but I'm fairly confident in my answers except for the order of each command. It's not entirely clear to me which register corresponds to rs and rt all the time, but it's probably something I can figure out by reading up on the syntax some more.

## Workout:
- Left Andrew's house at almost 6:00 and didn't feel much like running, so I took another rest day. Probably should have at least done a 30 minute shakeout, but I also wanted to cook something for dinner tonight so it's alright.

## Evening:
- Got home and changed into comfy clothes before steaming some green beans. After they were done I pan fried them a bit with some oil, salt, and garlic to finish them off. They turned out deliciously al-dente, which is exactly how I like them. Big props to [Judi in the Kitchen](https://youtu.be/kiXVxSrbYGI) and her bomb-diggity steamed green bean recipe for telling me how long to steam them for (five minutes if you were wondering).
- Jewlia got home from hanging out with Vilma, and we had some dinner and watched more Bridgerton.
- Finished what will probably be the last bit of reviewing I have time for before the Linear Algebra midterm tomorrow.  I'm feeling pretty confident on almost all of the content now, and I'm guessing the exam will be much easier than the review considering we only have 50 minutes to complete the exam.
- Wrote the journal entries for today and yesterday before getting ready for bed.

# Wins:
- Finished EECS 388 homework even though it wasn't due yet.
- Cooked some delicious green beans.
- Reviewed plenty for Linear Algebra midterm tomorrow, feeling much more confident now.

# Losses:
- Didn't end up running, but I doubt I would have had time to review for midterm if I had. Or at the very least I wouldn't have had time to make the green beans.

# Plans:
- Kick that midterm's booty tomorrow B).

# Ideas:
- 

# Media:
- One Punch Man:
	- Now on chapter 180.
	- Pretty fun chapter. Lots of little scenes of intense stuff happening before Saitama and Tastumaki crash the party (literally). Really shows how compelling of a story One can create even with just a few panels. Definitely just a filler chapter though.
- Gachiakuta:
	- Now on chapter 8.
	- Got some explanations on the power systems of this story, which is making it quite a bit more exciting. Definitely stretching its legs into a more traditional shonen story, but it hasn't gotten to the point where it has to spend paragraphs explaining concepts which I appreciate
	- The system seems to be that some people have the ability to use the power of souls embued into everyday objects, called Jinki. And the main character is special because he has the ability to turn any object he touches with his gloves into Jinki, whereas others can only wield one specific object.
	- Excited to see where the story goes from here.
- Bridgerton:
	- Now on season 2 episode 6:
	- Ooooh Anthony finally proposed to Edwina, and at the most awkward time too! Like why would you wait until she's about to leave bro?
	- I'm really more invested in Eloise's and Benedict's stories at this point, they seem much more fun compared to the intense, dramatic, over the top heaving and breathing of Anthony and Kate. I really dislike love triangle stories. And maybe it's because I've read way too many manga where the only source of entertainment was the love triangle aspect, but this show just doesn't seem to commit itself enough to the idea to be more than just a dull stress in the background while you wait for Anthony and Kate to finally kiss.
	- Glad Anthony at least stood up to the insufferable Sheffields at dinner.