---
title: "2-3-2023"
date: 3rd February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Tried to figure out how to make Quartz and Github Pages work to publish my Obsidian files on a website blog style. Ran into so many errors
- Read some manga (see Media section)
- Skipped breakfast, ate a normal sandwich with a scrambled egg in it for runch, yum yum.

## Classes:
- EECS 348 Lab:
	- Pretty easy again, just a quick review on using Bash and Vim, which I was basically doing this morning trying to figure out Quartz.
	- Also quickly went over makefiles, which only vaguely made sense that I need .h and .o files as well as the .c files in order to compile a project into an executable file, but I don't really understand the difference between make and make clean.
	- Finished in like 10 minutes, so I just spent some more time working on Quartz on my laptop, and got a little farther but still ran into the strangest errors. More in the Evening section.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Complete waste of time. I don't know why I bother ever showing up for this class.
	- It's so unbelievably middle school level that I cannot even comprehend it somtimes. We've had three (3) separate assignments worth big points that were literally just draw the solar system or draw the relative orientation of some celestial bodies or plot seven points on a graph and think about what they might mean.
	- One kid even very confidently answered something so incredibly, obviously wrong that I physically recoiled. It felt like I was dreaming. I can still hear his stupid sing-song voice that implied that he knew the best way to do everything and was teaching us children how to do things like divide two numbers to get a ratio.
	- I know that I signed up for this class for the easy natural science credit, but if I knew it was going to be this mind numbingly stupid I honestly might have just taken the L and took chem for engineers.
	- I'm already ahead by over a week with a majority of the work, I might as well just do all of it online and not go to lecture.
	- Just have to be careful when midterms roll around because I'll have to make sure to review the content I skim through for the quizzes.  This is gonna be a lot of short term memorization of stuff that really doesn't matter because this class isn't going deep enough into any topic to reach even a modicum of the understanding that I can see beneath it from my HIGH SCHOOL KNOWLEDGE. It's just so infuriating that I can explain a majority of the concepts in great detail, and then the textbook just gives the most base level explanations that might as well have no truth to them at all  for how abstract they are.
	- Needless to say I needed to decompress after that class. Unfortunately today is a rest day. Probably should've just went on a short run, but I wanted to work on the Quartz stuff.

## Workout:
- Rest day before long run this weekend (probably sunday afternoon)

## Evening:
- Took out the trash and picked up some dog shit left basically outside my front door. A little miffed about that, but I got over it.
- Put some rice in the rice cooker since roommate ate the rest of the cooked rice. Been putting a little (basically a tablespoon, little less usually) chicken bouillon (per 3 "cups" of rice and water) in the rice cooker, which makes it turn out just a little salty and chicken-y, so delicious.
- Spent even *more* time trying to figure out Quartz, and I'm so so close. I got the site to build and publish, but it doesn't accept any changes to the files for Github Pages because of a build error in the hugo push. Something about permissions to access the git denied to the github actions bot. However I did fix a lot of the other errors, so hopefully if/when the developer responds on Twitter I'll finally have this thing working.
- Made some dinner, more rice, frozen veggies, a little juice from the birria since we're running low and I might need to feed Jewlia after she gets off work, and a scrambled egg.
- Now just waiting for Jewlia to get here, she's staying the night and leaving Saturday night, but I still work from 7-3 tomorrow so we won't get as much time together as we usually do during eepovers :'(.

# Wins:
- Became more familiar with Bash and Vim, got very close to figuring out Quartz
- Got over the embarrassment I feel every time I DM someone I don't really know online, even when they give out their information for people to ask for help

# Losses:
- Got salty over a class being too easy. Need to chill out and just do the work and never go to lecture.

# Plans:
- Gotta get groceries on Saturday or I'm gonna be eating ramen and rice every day next week

# Ideas:
- If I can get Quartz working, maybe turn it into not just a daily journal but also just a general purpose website for posting my creations

# Media:
- Undead x Unluck:
	- Read a bunch again, now on chapter 45, and it's getting so crazy.
	- Still feel like the pacing is so blazing fast that we don't really get enough time to meet new characters before they do their crazy plot twists, so sometimes they come out of nowhere and it feels very artificial (~~cough cough Billy~~).
	- And then the stuff with going into the book spawned from Autumn's finger? The timeline of events in that just does not make a lick of sense, but it gets away with more than it really should because it doesn't care about explaining every single little thing, sometimes they just skip over it by the characters basically saying "eh who cares, we're trying not to die right now".
- <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DJpXnjCt0hw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
	- Really enjoy seeing how speedruns (especially TAS's) work in any game, this one goes so crazy.