---
title: "2-5-2023"
date: 5th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Said goodbye to Jewlia and went to work.
- Pretty cold again but not as bad as yesterday.

## Work:
- Worked 7-3 again.
- Still getting faster at flipping chips.
- Worked tortilla station again as usual.
- Had to clean up a bunch of shit around the dumpsters today (or maybe it was on Saturday, writing these on Monday so I don't really remember).
- Jewlia came in before leaving for work and got another chicken quesadilla, remembered to tell Armando this time and she got it on big discount ;).

## Workout:
- Ran 13 miles for my long run, felt really good but tired, averaged 7:38/mi.
- Heard what sounded like gunshots way out at the turnaround point in the suburbs, but they were at too regular of intervals so I'm guessing they were like firecrackers or somebody hitting something.
- Felt absolutely wiped afterwards and could barely move around. Shower and food helped, but I had a hard time getting out of bed to brush my teeth before going to sleep.

## Evening:
- Pretty much just ate some chipotle, showered, and went to sleep. Didn't even read my book to calm my brain down, just passed out.

# Wins:
- Got out the door and finished my run at a strong pace even though I was already exhausted.
- Convinved Jewlia to really start saving money so she doesn't have practically nothing in the bank at the end of each month.

# Losses:
- Was a little too serious about convincing Jewlia and it came off a little upset even though I wasn't. Gotta make it up to her and make sure she knows I'm not upset with her.

# Plans:
- Gotta make sure I took the notes for Linear Algebra before lecture.
- Write down my journal entries after work tomorrow but before class hopefully.

# Ideas:
- Head empty.

# Media:
- Again, didn't do much besides work and run so I didn't watch or read anything.