---
title: "2-6-2023"
date: 6th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up feeling much better than last night, not sore at all B). We recover right boooi!

## Work:
- Worked 7-12 because I had to get to class.
- Met some new coworkers today, worked with Jackie for the first time (girl who interviewed at the same time, nursing student at Baker). 
- Learned and practiced wrapping burritos and soft shell tacos.
- Gotta work on not spilling oil on the floor when I flip chips. Cleanliness over speed.

## Classes:
- Preclass post work:
	- Wrote journal entries for this weekend.
	- Took notes over chapter 2.4 in Linear Algebra (what I thought we were going over today but I forgot that I'm a lecture ahead in my notes so I didn't really need to do that).
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Pretty basic, went over uses of identity matrices and inverse matrices.
	- Kinda fell asleep listening to him lecture because I was so tired from working this morning and all the stuff I did this weekend, but we grind so I didn't really have to pay that much attention anyway B).
	- Ended early which was nice if not uncommon.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Skipped to go take a nap before EECS 388 lab because I just can't be assed to show up for that class anymore.
	- Overslept though, set my alarm for 2:30 so I'd have time to walk back but I woke up at 3:00 and didn't get there until like 3:20.
- EECS 388 Lab:
	- Thankfully the TA is lenient on time you show up and the lab was real easy.
	- Literally just wrote like two lines of code and explained what they did and why.
	- Talked about how memory registers work and used two functions to read and write 32 bits of data to make a light on a board change color.
- Library:
	- Couldn't make myself go do homework and go run both today so I chose to do a shakeout run instead and give my brain a break. I'll do some homework tomorrow morning anyway so I won't fall behind.

## Workout:
- Short, slow shakeout run. Just did 5 miles at 8:15/mi average.
- Even though I felt pretty tired, I knew my legs wanted to go faster and run their normal 7:00-7:30 pace. I could feel them aching going up and down the stairs today so I forced myself to hold the slower pace, even if it wasn't really slow enough to be called a bool down (heartrate still in zone 3, should've been in like mid to high zone 2).
- Made it back before it got super dark too which was nice.

## Evening:
- Finished the rest of the birria with some rice and frozen veggies. Really didn't feel like cooking so thankfully there was some stuff already made.
- Showered and then fragged out for an hour with the boys on TF2 B).

# Wins:
- Told some guy that I liked his baller fit.
- Took initiative and asked Lupita how to wrap soft shell tacos.
- Got pretty good at wrapping burritos.

# Losses:
- Spilled a bunch of oil on the floor while flipping chips.

# Plans:
- Gonna do some (if not most) of my linear algebra homework split over tomorrow morning and after classes.

# Ideas:
- Slow is smooth and smooth is fast applies to chip flippin as well as cycling.

# Media:
- Again, didn't really consume any non-background media today. Hopefully tomorrow will be less draining and I'll have time for some fun.