---
title: "2-7-2023"
date: 7th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Woke up on time and stayed up even though I was very tempted to just go back to bed with no work today.
- Watched some tiktok to help myself stay awake, and had a bowl of off brand cinnamon toast crunch for breakfast.
- Did the first section of the Linear Algebra homework, then browsed amazon looking for pants with hip windows, but apparently there's a different term because there were hardly any listed and none with that phrase in the title. Gotta find out what it is because damn I'd look good in them.

## Classes:
- EECS 388 Lecture:
	- Boring as usual. Today's lecture could have easily been a footnote inside of another lecture.
	- Just went over how if one function is called by another (for example main calling sum) then they need to keep track of the memory addresses for each of the place in the code it left off from (main) and where it's going (sum) using the jump and link procedures.
	- They turned up the heat in that room too for whatever reason even though the temperature's consistently getting up into the 50's and 60's now. Love KU heating and cooling policies.
	- Read some more Worm after I finished the notes, it's getting really good. More on this in Media section.
- EECS 348 Lecture:
	- Again, boring and tedious. We're covering 80 slides of intro to C++ language now.
	- Some dude really asked the same question three times, then when he didn't get the answer he wanted, he started asking again for a fourth time with the phrase "but just as a devil's advocate," and I nearly threw up in my mouth. I hate CS majors, we deserve all the flack we get.
- Library:
	- Did about half of the second section of the Linear Algebra homework. One of the questions was super long, and it was already 5:00 and I had to get home to run and shower and cook soup before bed so I decided to just finish it tomorrow.

## Workout:
- 5 mile tempo run at or below 7:00/mi. Felt pretty good until I had to turn around and slog back up that giant hill beside Watson library, then it got tough after my heartrate spiked, but I managed to keep my pace until I got back.

## Evening:
- Showered and went to Chipotle with Finn to get some discounted food, then came back and made some chicken noodle soup for the week. Put my chipotle bowl in the fridge for later, probably gonna eat it as lunch spread out over this week.
- Didn't have time for much else by the time I was done cooking and eating, so I got ready for bed and watched part of the first episode of Bridgerton while I waited for Jewlia to get ready to say goodnight.
- Realized while saying goodnight to Jewlia that the "hip window pants" I saw on tiktok were really regular pants with a body suit underneath that the person pulled up to show their hips above their pants waistline. Felt a little dumb but at least now I know.

# Wins:
- Got most of my Linear Algebra homework done even though I normally spread it out over several days.
- Introduced myself to the cashier at Chipotle as an employee even though I was nervous about having to do that, social anxiety and all man it fuckin sucks.
- Encouraged the old dudes I saw out running during my run and they encouraged me back.

# Losses:
- Nothing that really stands out, I had a pretty good day.

# Plans:
- Gonna try to finish Linear Algebra homework tomorrow morning before class since I already took the notes for tomorrow's lecture.

# Ideas:
- Hip window bodysuit with my green bean dress worn as pants?

# Media:
- Bridgerton:
	- Watched part of the first episode. I had already tried to start it once with Jewlia but wasn't really feeling it back then. It's sort of entertaining, in the same way that I enjoyed Pride and Prejudice, Jane Eyre, and Wuthering Heights, but idk how much I'll actually end up watching. Was just curious about it and needed to kill some time.
- Worm:
	- Now on chapter 2.3. Oooh we've got some new characters! Taylor not only got out of her fight with Lung alive and mostly unscathed, but she met a team of supervillains who thought she was a villain too and now think they owe her one for helping them take down Lung. She also met Armsmaster, the head of the city's branch of the Protectorate, and he suggested that she join the Ward program for new heroes and that he take the credit for taking down Lung so that she didn't get any unwanted attention from other villains. We even got a chapter from the perspective of the father, which was a great little insight into his character.
	- I have a feeling the author is a little inexperienced when it comes to creative writing, the voices of Taylor versus her father have little difference, even though their personalities are very different. I think it will probably change in the future, since these chapters were posted in 2012, so hopefully the author keeps improving on what is already a very fun read.