---
title: "2-8-2023"
date: 8th February 2023
---
# Events:
## Morning:
- Slept in a bit today since I've been lacking a bit on sleep, got up around 9.
- Decided to go run before class so I didn't have to run in the rain, more on that in the Workout section.
- Had half of the chipotle bowl I got yesterday night for lunch after I got back from the gym and quickly hopped in the shower before walking to class.

## Classes:
- MATH 290 Lecture:
	- Pretty routine, although this time the professor "slowed down" a lot, meaning he said the same things over and over again to make sure we got it.
	- Also apparently we have a "quiz" due tomorrow so that's fun. He said it should be pretty easy, only two questions, so I decided to finish the homework due today and see if I still have time left over to do the quiz.
- ASTR 191 Lecture:
	- Decided to go to this today even though it's a waste of time because I didn't really wanna do more matrices.
	- Just ended up reading Worm for most of the class and occasionally answering questions when nobody else in the class raised their hand.
- Library:
	- Finished the Linear Algebra homework, and started the surprise EECS 388 homework.
	- We only get three attempts at that one, and we don't get to see which questions we got wrong on it, so I'm a little worried about that one. Got a 66% on the first try which TANKED my canvas grade, but I'm not worried because I doubt that it's worth very many points, and most of the labs so far haven't been graded yet. Gotta work on that one with Andrew and the gang.

## Workout:
- 2.5 mile warm up at 7:22/mi pace to the rec center for some strength training.
- Back squat holds 4 x 6 with 115 lbs, 135 lbs for the last rep. 5 pull ups after each set of squats. 4 x 8 Hamstring curls and leg extensions with 100 lbs. 3 x 8 hip abductions with 145 lbs. 3 x 8 hip adductions with 145 lbs, 160 lbs for the last two. 2 x 10 calf raises with 150 lbs. 4 x 6 on each leg Bulgarian split squats with 25 lbs dumbbell in each hand. 2 x 10 on each leg walking weighted lunges with 20 lbs dumbbell in each hand. Was really struggling at the end, but it made it easier to do an actual recovery pace for the bool down.
- 3.5 mile bool down at 9:32/mi pace to make 6 miles today. Saw Andrew on the way back too, talked for a bit before continuing my booling.

## Evening:
- Watched some YouTube until dinner time, mostly Tinman Elite videos that got me hyped up for training again.
- Had some more chicken noodle soup for dinner, very filling yum.
- Fragged out with the boys on some TF2, then chilled out a bit before bed by watching some Better Call Saul and drawing a bit.
- Called Jewlia before bed and talked a bit. Apparently Vilma lost her job somehow, which sucks, but I'm sure she'll find another place to work so she can stay in Lawrence.

# Wins:
- Put in a great effort at the rec center today and booled down properly rather than pushing the pace.

# Losses:
- Still not asleep and it's almost 11:00. Really gotta get to bed on time.

# Plans:
- Ask Mom about possible remote work opportunities for Vilma through KU Med.
- Catch up to Jewlia in Better Call Saul.

# Ideas:
- I wanna try some funkier eyeliner makeup, like some really flashy stuff I see on pinterest.

# Media:
- Worm:
	- Now on chapter 2.5. Damn, this shit's getting heavy. Taylor just can't catch a break, and Mr. fuckin Gladly was too much of a wuss to step in when he saw her getting bullied. Like I get that she turned him down to go to the principal's office about it, but he could still have stepped in and reprimanded the girls so that Taylor could get out of that situation.
- One Punch Man:
	- Finally got chapter 180!! Kind of disappointing because not much happened. Saitama and Tatsumaki knocked each other around a bit, but it felt like kind of a filler episode.
- Better Call Saul:
	- In the middle of episode 7 of season 2. Saul just got fired from his cushy job and took his cocobolo desk with him, and Mike pistol whipped the fuck out of some Salamanca thugs. And we got one of the hardest montages I've ever seen, where Saul is making life miserable at the job so that he gets fired and gets to keep his bonus rather than quitting and losing his bonus. So now he's back in the nail salon, but now with a cocobolo desk babyyyy B).